Update tvm-software-inventory.md (#12042)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-vulnerability-management/tvm-software-inventory.md

The **Software inventory** page opens with a list of software installed in your network, including the vendor name, weaknesses found, threats associated with them, exposed devices, impact to exposure score, and tags.

> The data freshness is currently 4 hours. There is currently no way to force a sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data is updated every three to four hours. There is currently no way to force a sync.
```
